PRIVACY STATEMENT 

Last Updated: April 22nd, 2024
This privacy statement explains our collection, use, and disclosure of personal data.  It applies to the OneNote service, which is offered by M.T, and to our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “We”, “Us”, or “OneNote”). References to our “services” in this statement include our OneNote websites and apps. 
Table of Contents
Personal Data We Collect
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies 
Our Use of Personal Data
Our Disclosures of Personal Data
Your Personal Data Choices and Options
California Privacy Rights and Disclosures
Retention of Personal Data
Location of Personal Data Processing
Security of Personal Data
Changes to This Privacy Statement
How to Contact Us

PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT 
The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make.
We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our services, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, information from third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
Information you provide directly. We collect personal data you provide to us. For example, we collect the following categories of personal data that you provide directly to us: 
Identifiers, such as name and profile name, email address, address, and online identifiers.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications, such as your sex or gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity that you provide in using OneNote, or other details that we do not ask for but that you choose to volunteer that may reveal characteristics of protected classifications under applicable law.
Commercial Information, such as information about purchases you make in connection with OneNote.
Internet Information, such as your browsing, search, and usage details in connection with OneNote, when coming to or leaving the OneNote services online, or interacting with OneNote advertisements online.
Geolocation Data that is approximate, such as the state, province, or country you access the services from.
Visual Data, such as photographs or videos you share in connection with OneNote.
Inferences that we make based on the personal data we collect, such as about your interests.
Other Personal Data, including “Payment Information” such as your credit card number, expiration date, and other payment details when you make purchases in connection with OneNote; “Characteristics” such as your physical characteristics and descriptions you provide in connection with OneNote and your profile; and “User Content” such as photos, profile information, messages and communications, and other information you receive or provide in connection with OneNote.
Sensitive Personal Data, which may include:
oPayment Information as described above,
oRacial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership, that we do not ask for but that you choose to volunteer in using OneNote (“Volunteered Sensitive Data”),
oContents of messages that you send to or receive from other OneNote users in connection with use of the services (“Message Contents”), and
oYour sexual orientation, or details about your sex life that we do not ask for but that you choose to volunteer in using OneNote (“Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data”).
Information we collect automatically. When you use our services, we collect some information automatically. For example, we may collect the following categories of personal data automatically:
Identifiers about you and your device(s). When you use our services we automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. As further described in the Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies section below, our services automatically collect and store identifiers like the types described here using Technologies.
Geolocation Data that is approximate, such as the state, province, or country you access the services from.
Internet Information such as your browsing, search, and usage details in connection with OneNote and when coming to or leaving the OneNote services online or interacting with OneNote advertisements online.
Information we create or generate. We infer new information from other data we collect, including the following categories of personal data:
Inferences that we make automatically on the personal data we collect, such as about your interests.
Other Personal Data such as when you are using the services which may be displayed to other OneNote users.
Information we obtain from third-party sources. We may also obtain any of the categories of personal data described above from third parties, such as:
third-party partners, which may help us to collect any of the categories of personal data describe above,
service providers, which may help us to collect any of the categories of personal data described above, and  
publicly available sources, which we may use to obtain Other Personal Data such as Characteristics like demographic data about you.  
When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional.
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES 
We use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies (collectively, “Technologies”) to collect personal data.  
What are cookies, web beacons, and other technologies? 
Cookies are small text files placed by a website and stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called single-pixel or clear GIFs) that are contained within a website. When your browser opens a webpage that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on a website (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content. 
Mobile apps can contain software that enables app providers to access information about you and your device that you use in connection with apps.  
How do we and our partners use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies?
We, our third-party partners, and our service providers, use Technologies in our services, including our websites and apps, to collect personal data.  For example, personal data about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services may be collected. We use this information for a variety of purposes, such as to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our websites and apps perform, track your interaction with the site or app, develop inferences, deliver and tailor interest-based advertising, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. We and our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.  
What controls are available? 
Advertising controls. Some of the third-party partners and service providers that use Technologies in connection with our Services are also members of industry associations that provide advertising-related choices that you can access at:
oUnited States: NAI (http://optout.networkadvertising.org) and DAA (http://optout.aboutads.info/) 
oCanada: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (https://youradchoices.ca/) 
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
Browser cookie controls. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can go to your browser settings to learn how to delete or reject cookies. If you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be recreated. 
Mobile advertising ID controls. iOS and Android operating systems provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising IDs.
Do Not Track. Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. 
OUR USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We use the personal data we collect for purposes described in this privacy statement or as otherwise disclosed to you. Below are examples of the types of uses we make of personal data, and the corresponding categories of personal data (which are detailed in the “Personal Data We Collect” section above).
Purposes of Use	Categories of Personal Data
Product and service delivery. To provide and deliver our services, including maintaining accounts and services functionality, and troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing the services.	Identifiers, Characteristics and Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Visual Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data
Sensitive Information: Payment Information, Volunteered Sensitive Data, Message Contents, and Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data
Business operations. To operate our business, such as by processing payments, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting and responding to fraudulent or illegal activity, monitoring for and responding to violations of our policies and guidelines, meeting our legal obligations, responding to legal and law enforcement claims and investigations, and facilitating our business transactions (such as mergers or acquisitions).	Identifiers, Characteristics and Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Visual Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data
Sensitive Information: Payment Information, Volunteered Sensitive Data, Message Contents, and Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data
Product improvement, development, and research. To develop new services or features, analyze use of the services, and to conduct research. 	Identifiers, Characteristics and Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Visual Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data
Sensitive Information: Volunteered Sensitive Data, Message Contents, and Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data
Personalization. To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our services.	Identifiers, Characteristics and Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Visual Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data
Sensitive Information: Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data
Customer support. To provide customer support, investigate and resolve disputes, and respond to your questions.	Identifiers, Characteristics and Protected Classifications, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Visual Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data
Sensitive Information: Payment Information, Volunteered Sensitive Data, Message Contents, and Sexual Orientation and Volunteered Data
Communications. To send you information, including messages, confirmations, updates, and support and administrative messages.	Identifiers, Commercial Information, Other Personal Data

Marketing. To communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services.	Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data

Advertising. To display advertising to you.	Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences, Other Personal Data

We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience.
OUR DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL DATA 
We disclose personal data with your consent, or as we deem necessary for our business purposes including to provide the services to you. In addition, we disclose each of the categories of personal data described in the Personal Data We Collect section above, with the types of third parties described below, for the following business purposes:
OneNote service users. Information about you and your use of the OneNote services, such as your profile information and when you are using the services, will be shared within the OneNote services, including for other users to see.
Service providers. We disclose personal data to vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, personal data may be shared with companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services.  
Third-party partners.  We may disclose personal data to third-party partners, such as if you request or consent to us doing so.
Payment processors and others. We disclose personal data to entities that provide us with payment processing, fraud prevention, or other financial services.
Affiliates. We enable access to personal data across our subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, for example, where we share common data systems or where access helps to provide our services and operate our business. 
Corporate transactions. We may disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets. 
Legal and law enforcement. We share personal data with third parties when we believe that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government entities. 
Security, safety, and protecting rights. We may disclose personal data if we believe it is to:
oprotect our customers and others, for example to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone; 
ooperate and maintain the security of our services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or 
oprotect the rights or property or ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies.
Third party service providers, such as analytics, personalization, fraud, security, and advertising companies also collect personal data through our website and apps using Technologies, as further described in the Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies section above. For example, we use Google Analytics on our website to help us understand how users interact with our website; you can learn how Google collects and uses information at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Finally, we may share de-identified or aggregate information in accordance with applicable law, and in general, we do not treat such information as personal data where that is consistent with applicable law.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA CHOICES AND OPTIONS 
Access and To Know. If you wish to access personal data about you, you may access your account by logging into the OneNote services you use and viewing some of the personal data associated with your account. You also have a right to request to know additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of personal data about you, including to request a copy of the personal data we have about you. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy statement. You may make such a “request to know” by contacting us at 15664738128@gmail.com. 
Choices for Technologies. See the Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies section above for details about choices and options for Technologies.
Correction.  You may request correction of certain personal data about you.  You can correct some personal data by logging into the OneNote services you use and using options available to update personal data associated with your account.  You can also contact us at 15664738128@gmail.com.
Deletion. You can request that we delete personal data under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to delete, you can contact us at 15664738128@gmail.com.
Email preferences. You can choose whether to receive promotional emails from us. If you receive promotional emails from us and would like to stop, you can do so by following the directions in those emails. These choices do not apply to certain informational communications including surveys and mandatory service communications. 
Verification, Honoring Requests, and Nondiscrimination. To the extent permitted by applicable law for the choices and options for Access and To Know, Correction, and Deletion, we reserve the right to charge a fee or decline requests that are unreasonable or excessive, where providing the data would be prohibited by law or could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the data relates. We will not discriminate against you for making requests about the choices and options described in this section.  In general, we authenticate you by requiring you to validate requests by responding from the email address we have associated with your information or account.
Applicable law may allow you to designate an authorized agent to make some of the request types noted in this section on your behalf. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we may require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us and/or confirm that you authorized the agent to act on your behalf. 
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS AND DISCLOSURES
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code section 1798.100 et seq., known as the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), requires us to describe the categories of personal data we “sell” to or “share” with third parties.  We do not “sell” or “share” your personal data as those terms are defined by the CCPA, and have not done so in the past 12 months.  We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. 
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing 15664738128@gmail.com. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated e-mail address. 
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA 
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, options you have to delete personal data, and our legal or contractual obligations. 
LOCATION OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
The personal data we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, service providers, or third-party partners process data. For example, personal data will be processed in the United States, Singapore, China, and Hong Kong. We take commercially reasonable efforts with the intent of processing and protecting personal data according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data are located.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
We take what we believe to be reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT  
We will update this privacy statement when necessary to reflect changes in our services, how we use personal data, or applicable law. When we post changes to the statement, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of the statement.  If we make material changes to the statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law. 
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for OneNote, please contact us at 15664738128@gmail.com. 